March 14th 2025 Timelog:

 - First I researched different tech stacks that I believed would help create our project. I found that React.JS and Node.JS would be the nmost helpful libraries (with Javascript being the best
language). We discussed as a team that IDE did not matter and we could use whatever we were most comfortable with.
 - Then I began to sketch my UI ideas. I sketched a UI for the home screen and the game screen and wrote detailed descriptions about the functionalities of each of these screens
and their features.
 - Finally I fooled around with React.JS to get more comfortable with it as I begin to build the User Interface.



March 30th 2025 Timelog: 

Monday:
- I continued to watch React tutorials to familiar myself with CSS and Javascript so that I had a better foundation to begin building our webpag with (1 hour 30 minutes)

Tuesday:
- I began work on the home page of the UI. I created the home page and added a background image, a text box and a join button to get to the game page (2 hours)

Text box is used to enter the username of the player (required to join the game)
Join button at this time did not do anything but eventually made it take player to the game page if they provided a username

Wednesday:
- No Work

Thursday: 
- Met with group (1 hour)
- Mde stylistic changes to home page (30 minutes)

Changed background image, font colors, location of text and components and resizing

Friday/Saturday:
- Began work on the Game page for the UI. Added a start game button, and spent a good amount of time learning how to format and organize different elements of a webpage (2 hours)

Right now there is only a start game button that does nothing, but soon will update to have button start a game of poker and have more options appear when pressed
Also have text sharing the username to make sure that it is being properly stored when they join the game

Sunday:
No work

I have yet to committ and code to Github, so to prove I did work I attatched screenshots of the work I completed.



April 6th 2025 Timelog:

Monday: Cleaned up the organization of JS components. Some of the containers were not in the correct places of the hierarchies. Also made minor stylistic changes (1 hour).

Tuesday - Wednesday: No work, studying for exams

Thursday: Met with Jason, and discussed the new way github materials were being organized. Also just caught each other up on the progress we were making. Then for the
remaining duration of the meeting I worked on updating my CSS files to make the UI look slightly better (1 hour 30 minutes).

Friday: No work two exams

Saturday: Started by creating a a gamestate to handle whether or not a game of poker had yet to be started. This created three new buttons. I only implemeneted 1 of the buttons that being
the Raise button, where I learned how to create an input box that only accepted integers and required input to submit a bet. I also learned how to change colors of a button whether or not
certain criteria were met, and made the text box dissapear once the user submitted there bet amount (3 hours).

Sunday: Documented my code, and created some endpoints for different game points to make it easier for those who are implementing the back end to edit my already made UI. I also spent a while 
learning how to upload my repository to GIT, and connecting my VSCode to this repository (1 hour 30 minutes).

April 13th 2025 Timelog:

Monday: Updated some documentation for the codes before Calvin got to work. Made sure it was as easy as possible for him to start work on his part (1 hour).

Tuesday-Wednesday: Communicated with Calvin and other group mates to figure out who was available for RAPS and started work on the presentation (1 hour).

Thursday: RAPS Prep. I created the slideshow, organized the parts of our project that were done and practiced the presentation. I also broke up the presentation amongst who would be in attendance (2.5 hours).

Friday: RAPS Presentation (2 hours).

Sunday: Updated Plan sheet to more accurately represent what our future plans were and also created our high level narative for the week (1 hour).


April 20th 2025 Timelog:

Monday-Wednesday: No work, busy with other classes.

Thursday: Team meeting. We discussed what was left to be completed for the project, and divied up the remaining work. Calvin would finish connecting the backend to the UI, Cody would implement
the game state UI and I would touch up the CSS file for the Home Page. I also made myself available to help them with whatever tasks were necessary to make sure we get this project done (2 hours).

Friday: Begin work on updating the UI. I pulled the new changes from Github, and became familiar with the changes made since I last worked on the UI. I created a new container to put all of the
home screen elements in them, and began formatting a new version of the UI that looked better. I also found public domain images (I think they are public domain at least) for playing cards
that we could use to make our game look a little bit better(2 hours).

Saturday: I updated the formatting of some of the newly added elements to make sure they all looked the same. I added a greay box to put all of the elements in, and learned how to change opacity of objects
and add background blur. I also added an effect that allowed the game button to change color when you hover over it(2 hours).

Sunday: I documented my code, and searched online for public domain images to replace the images we were using for our UI. I also changed the font of some of the text of elements, and overall just tweaked
the CSS page to make the home page look a little bit nicer. I also then updated the high level planning sheet and the weekly narrative (1.5 hours).


April 27th 2025 Timelog:

Monday: There was a bug in the code that made it so the text on the home page was formatted incorrectly on different sized screens. Updated the CSS file so that the text would be displayed
differently depending on the size of the screen. This made it so that the text would not be broken into two lines on smaller screens. I also worked on the presentation, split up speaking parts
and updated all housekeeping work before presenting on Tuesday (3 hours).

Tuesday: I presented our project and made some last minute changes to that presentation, but I did not do much else (1 hour).

Wednesday - Friday: No work

Saturday: Updated the UI. The text box on the game page did not look the nicest, so I updated that text box to be more similar to the other input boxes on the website. I also created the Instructions for how to
set up the website and use it. After creating the instruction manual, I uploaded our presentation to a new directory on our github page (2 hours).

Sunday: Minor housekeeping to github (30 minutes).


May 3rd 2025 Timelog:

Monday - Friday: Minimal work was accomplished over these days. I was finished with my part of the project, and had other finals to worry about. I made minor visual changes to the UI and some
slight changes to the CSS file but for the most part I did not work on a ton code wise. I did however deal with a lot of housekeeping stuff. I wrote all of the manuals, updated the planning
sheet, made sure my timelogs were correct and other end of semester check list items. Overall I spent most of my time over these days just doing some housekeeping stuff making
sure our project was ready to submit (3 hours).

Saturday: Saturday we ran into a lot of issues. First the poker logic was not handling tiebreakers properly, so I made some changes to Logic.js to try to attempt to fix those tiebreakers. I was
able to fix some issues while McGee was at his baseball game, but once he was back I handed it off to him. I then went and finished up Codys work on the Game UI. I made some changes to the size
of the cards, the location of the community cards and the location of the pot and message that tells the user how much they bet. I also finished submitting any other things
needed to be done with this project (4 hours).


